Docs/add filter logs section (#1098)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/tutorials/get-started.md

```alloy
loki.source.file "log_scrape" {
   targets    = local.file_match.local_files.targets
   forward_to = [loki.process.filter_logs.receiver]
   tail_from_end = true
}
```

This configuration creates a [loki.source.file][] component named `log_scrape`, and shows the pipeline concept of {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} in action. The `log_scrape` component does the following:

1. It connects to the `local_files` component (its "source" or target).
1. It forwards the logs it scrapes to the "receiver" of another component called `filter_logs` that you will define next.
1. It provides extra attributes and options, in this case, you will tail log files from the end and not ingest the entire past history.

### Third component: Filter non-essential logs 

Filtering non-essential logs before sending them to a data source can help you manage log volumes to reduce costs. The filtering strategy of each organization will differ as they have different monitoring needs and setups. 

> The following example demonstrates how logs can be filtered out or dropped before being sent to Loki. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates filtering out or dropping logs before sending them to Loki. 
```

A simplification.

Paste this component next in the `config.alloy` file:
```alloy
loki.process "filter_logs" {
  stage.drop {
       source = ""
       expression  = ".*Connection closed by authenticating user root"
       drop_counter_reason = "noisy"
    }
  forward_to = [loki.write.grafana_loki.receiver]
  }

```
1. `loki.process` is a component that allows you to transform, filter, parse, and enrich log data. Within this component, you can define one or more processing stages to specify how you would like to process log entries before they are stored or forwarded. 

> 1. In this example, we create a `loki.process` component named “filter_logs”. This component receives scraped log entries from a component we created in the previous step (`log_scrape`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In this example, you create a `loki.process` component named “filter_logs”.
   This component receives scraped log entries from the `log_scrape` component you created in the previous step. 
```

> 1. There are many ways to [transform, filter, parse, and enrich log data](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/loki.process/). In this example, we use the `stage.drop` block to drop log entries based on specified criteria. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There are many ways to [transform, filter, parse, and enrich log data](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/loki.process/). In this example, you use the `stage.drop` block to drop log entries based on specified criteria. 
```

> 1. We set the `source` parameter equal to an empty string to denote that scraped logs from the default source (`log_scrape` component) will be processed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You set the `source` parameter equal to an empty string to denote that scraped logs from the default source, the `log_scrape` component, will be processed.
```

> 1. We set the `expression` parameter equal to the log message we find irrelevant to our use case. The log message ".*Connection closed by authenticating user root" was chosen as an example to demonstrate how to use the `stage.drop` block. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You set the `expression` parameter equal to the log message that is not relevant to the use case.
   The log message ".*Connection closed by authenticating user root" was chosen to demonstrate how to use the `stage.drop` block. 
```

> 1. We can also include an optional string label  `drop_counter_reason` to denote the rationale for dropping log entries. This label can later be used to categorize and count the drops to track and analyze the reasons for dropping logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can include an optional string label  `drop_counter_reason` to show the rationale for dropping log entries.
   You can use this label to categorize and count the drops to track and analyze the reasons for dropping logs. 
```

> 1. Lastly, we use the `forward_to` parameter to specify where the processed logs should be sent. In this case, we will send the processed logs to a component we will create next called `grafana_loki`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You use the `forward_to` parameter to specify where to send the processed logs.
   In this case, you will send the processed logs to a component you will create next called `grafana_loki`. 
```

Check out the following [tutorial](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/tutorials/processing-logs/) and [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/loki.process/) for more comprehensive information on processing logs. 

> 
> 
> ### Fourth component: Write logs to Loki

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Fourth component: Write logs to Loki
```

Remove empty line

```alloy
loki.source.file "log_scrape" {
   targets    = local.file_match.local_files.targets
   forward_to = [loki.process.filter_logs.receiver]
   tail_from_end = true
}
```

This configuration creates a [loki.source.file][] component named `log_scrape`, and shows the pipeline concept of {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} in action. The `log_scrape` component does the following:

1. It connects to the `local_files` component (its "source" or target).
1. It forwards the logs it scrapes to the "receiver" of another component called `filter_logs` that you will define next.
1. It provides extra attributes and options, in this case, you will tail log files from the end and not ingest the entire past history.

### Third component: Filter non-essential logs 

> Filtering non-essential logs before shipping them to a data source can help you manage log volumes to reduce costs. The filtering strategy of each organization will differ as they have different monitoring needs and setups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filtering non-essential logs before sending them to a data source can help you manage log volumes to reduce costs. The filtering strategy of each organization will differ as they have different monitoring needs and setups. 
```

> The following example is intended to demonstrate how logs can be filtered out (“dropped”) before being shipped to Loki. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how logs can be filtered out or dropped before being sent to Loki. 
```

Paste this component next in the `config.alloy` file:
```alloy
loki.process "filter_logs" {
  stage.drop {
       source = ""
       expression  = ".*Connection closed by authenticating user root"

>        drop_counter_reason = "irrelevant"

Reviewer 2: Maybe a different name here? The logs could be relevant, but perhaps we want to drop some because they're just too noisy :sweat_smile: 
```suggestion
       drop_counter_reason = "noisy"
```

    }
  forward_to = [loki.write.grafana_loki.receiver]

>   }
>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  }
```

Removing second blank line

This configuration creates a [loki.source.file][] component named `log_scrape`, and shows the pipeline concept of {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} in action. The `log_scrape` component does the following:

1. It connects to the `local_files` component (its "source" or target).
1. It forwards the logs it scrapes to the "receiver" of another component called `filter_logs` that you will define next.
1. It provides extra attributes and options, in this case, you will tail log files from the end and not ingest the entire past history.

### Third component: Filter non-essential logs 

Filtering non-essential logs before sending them to a data source can help you manage log volumes to reduce costs. The filtering strategy of each organization will differ as they have different monitoring needs and setups. 

The following example demonstrates filtering out or dropping logs before sending them to Loki. 

Paste this component next in the `config.alloy` file:
```alloy
loki.process "filter_logs" {
  stage.drop {
       source = ""
       expression  = ".*Connection closed by authenticating user root"
       drop_counter_reason = "noisy"
    }
  forward_to = [loki.write.grafana_loki.receiver]
  }

> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````

Empty line is in the wrong spot :-)

> 1. `loki.process` is a component that allows you to transform, filter, parse, and enrich log data. Within this component, you can define one or more processing stages to specify how you would like to process log entries before they are stored or forwarded. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `loki.process` is a component that allows you to transform, filter, parse, and enrich log data.
   Within this component, you can define one or more processing stages to specify how you would like to process log entries before they are stored or forwarded. 
```

Using a semanitc line break (line break on sentences)

1. In this example, you create a `loki.process` component named “filter_logs”.
   This component receives scraped log entries from the `log_scrape` component you created in the previous step. 

> 1. There are many ways to [transform, filter, parse, and enrich log data](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/loki.process/). In this example, you use the `stage.drop` block to drop log entries based on specified criteria. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There are many ways to [transform, filter, parse, and enrich log data][parse]. In this example, you use the `stage.drop` block to drop log entries based on specified criteria. 
```

Simply link and move link definition to the block at the bottom

1. You set the `source` parameter equal to an empty string to denote that scraped logs from the default source, the `log_scrape` component, will be processed.
1. You set the `expression` parameter equal to the log message that is not relevant to the use case.
   The log message ".*Connection closed by authenticating user root" was chosen to demonstrate how to use the `stage.drop` block. 
1. You can include an optional string label  `drop_counter_reason` to show the rationale for dropping log entries.
   You can use this label to categorize and count the drops to track and analyze the reasons for dropping logs. 
1. You use the `forward_to` parameter to specify where to send the processed logs.
   In this case, you will send the processed logs to a component you will create next called `grafana_loki`. 

> Check out the following [tutorial](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/tutorials/processing-logs/) and [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/loki.process/) for more comprehensive information on processing logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the following [tutorial][] and the [`loki.process` documentation][loki.process] for more comprehensive information on processing logs. 
```

Refine the links

Open [http://localhost:12345] and click the Graph tab at the top.
The graph should look similar to the following:

> {{< figure src="https://github.com/grafana/alloy/assets/60980933/f68cc9e1-96e9-4ca3-b594-b7bb250314e4" alt="Logs reported by Alloy in Grafana" >}}

Reviewer: This is the wrong place for images.  Refer to: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/image-guidelines/#where-to-store-media-assets

If there's a new image for this tutorial, it can be uploaded to: https://admin.grafana.com/upload/media/docs/alloy/tutorial/ and linked (refer to the Writer's Toolkit for info about how to do the linking).

Author: Thank you so much for all the great changes! I uploaded the image from the correct media storage. I think I did it, right but please do take a look.

Open [http://localhost:12345] and click the Graph tab at the top.
The graph should look similar to the following:

> {{< figure src="/media/docs/alloy/tutorial/Inspect-your-config-in-the-Alloy-UI-image.png" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="/media/docs/alloy/tutorial/Inspect-your-config-in-the-Alloy-UI-image.png" alt="Your configuration in the Alloy UI" >}}
```

We need alt text on all images :-)

[alloy]: https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/
[configuration]: ../../concepts/configuration-syntax/
[install]: ../../get-started/install/binary/#install-alloy-as-a-standalone-binary

> [debugging your configuration]: ../../tasks/debug/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[debugging your configuration]: ../../tasks/debug/
[parse]: ../../reference/components/loki.process/
[tutorial[: ./processing-logs/
[loki.process]: ../../reference/components/loki.process/

```

Add link definitions
